Clarify combination of JSON:API with other standars (#1772)
json-api/json-api: _format/1.2/index.md

data transmitted between clients and servers. This efficiency is achieved
without compromising readability, flexibility, or discoverability.

> JSON:API can and should be combined with additional standards addressing other needs of HTTP APIs such as [OAuth 2.0](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749) for authorization and [Open API](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html) for documentation. A server supporting JSON:API can support other API standards such as [OData](https://www.odata.org/) or [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) on the same or other endpoints.

Reviewer: One suggestion by putting the needs first and the available standards second. This makes it more clear what needs could be, also when a need doesn't have a clear standard (e.g. file uploads).

```suggestion
For additional needs of HTTP APIs, like authentication, documentation, file uploads, and more, JSON:API can and should be combined with additional standards such as [OAuth 2.0](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749) for authorization and [Open API](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html) for documentation. It is allowed for a server supporting JSON:API to also support other API standards on the same or other endpoints, such as [OData](https://www.odata.org/) or [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/).
```

Author: Thanks a lot. That's a good improvement.

> For additional needs of HTTP APIs, like authentication, documentation, file uploads, and more, JSON:API can and should be combined with additional standards such as [OAuth 2.0](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749) for authorization and [Open API](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html) for documentation. It is allowed for a server supporting JSON:API to also support other API standards on the same or other endpoints, such as [OData](https://www.odata.org/) or [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
JSON:API requires use of the JSON:API media type
 ([`application/vnd.api+json`](http://www.iana.org/assignments/media-types/application/vnd.api+json))
 for exchanging data.

> For additional needs of HTTP APIs, like authentication, documentation, file uploads, and more, JSON:API can and should be combined with additional standards such as [OAuth 2.0](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc6749) for authorization and [Open API](https://spec.openapis.org/oas/latest.html) for documentation. It is allowed for a server supporting JSON:API to also support other API standards on the same or other endpoints, such as [OData](https://www.odata.org/) or [GraphQL](https://graphql.org/).
```

Although this is quite useful, it is more guidance than anything else. I would favor moving it to the end and preceding it with a blockquote (`>`).

Author: @dgeb Makes sense. I incorporated this feedback.
